README.md, before:

# Advanced React Features Project

A modern Next.js application showcasing advanced React features and UI components.

## Tech Stack

- **Framework**: Next.js 15.2.4
- **Language**: TypeScript
- **Styling**: Tailwind CSS
- **UI Components**: Radix UI
- **State Management**: Zustand
- **Form Handling**: React Hook Form with Zod validation
- **Animation**: Framer Motion
- **Data Fetching**: TanStack Query
- **Date Handling**: date-fns
- **Charts**: Recharts
- **Icons**: Lucide React

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Node.js (LTS version recommended)
- pnpm (package manager)

### Installation

1. Clone the repository
2. Install dependencies:

   ```bash
   pnpm install
   ```

### Development

Run the development server:

```bash
pnpm dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

### Available Scripts

- `pnpm dev` - Start development server
- `pnpm build` - Build for production
- `pnpm start` - Start production server
- `pnpm lint` - Run ESLint

## Project Structure

- `/app` - Next.js app router pages and layouts
- `/components` - Reusable UI components
- `/hooks` - Custom React hooks
- `/lib` - Utility functions and configurations
- `/public` - Static assets
- `/styles` - Global styles and Tailwind configuration

## Features

- Modern UI components from Radix UI
- Responsive design with Tailwind CSS
- Form validation with React Hook Form and Zod
- State management with Zustand
- Data fetching with TanStack Query
- Animations with Framer Motion
- Charts and data visualization with Recharts
- Dark mode support with next-themes

## Contributing

1. Fork the repository
2. Create your feature branch
3. Commit your changes
4. Push to the branch
5. Create a new Pull Request

Commit message:

Update .gitignore and README.md for deployment and documentation
- Added .vercel to .gitignore to exclude Vercel deployment files.
- Updated README.md to include a link to the live demo of the application.

README.md, after:

# Advanced React Features Project

A modern Next.js application showcasing advanced React features and UI components.

## Live Demo

The application is deployed and available at: [https://advanced-react-features.vercel.app/](https://advanced-react-features.vercel.app/)

## Tech Stack

- **Framework**: Next.js 15.2.4
- **Language**: TypeScript
- **Styling**: Tailwind CSS
- **UI Components**: Radix UI
- **State Management**: Zustand
- **Form Handling**: React Hook Form with Zod validation
- **Animation**: Framer Motion
- **Data Fetching**: TanStack Query
- **Date Handling**: date-fns
- **Charts**: Recharts
- **Icons**: Lucide React

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Node.js (LTS version recommended)
- pnpm (package manager)

### Installation

1. Clone the repository
2. Install dependencies:

   ```bash
   pnpm install
   ```

### Development

Run the development server:

```bash
pnpm dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

### Available Scripts

- `pnpm dev` - Start development server
- `pnpm build` - Build for production
- `pnpm start` - Start production server
- `pnpm lint` - Run ESLint

## Project Structure

- `/app` - Next.js app router pages and layouts
- `/components` - Reusable UI components
- `/hooks` - Custom React hooks
- `/lib` - Utility functions and configurations
- `/public` - Static assets
- `/styles` - Global styles and Tailwind configuration

## Features

- Modern UI components from Radix UI
- Responsive design with Tailwind CSS
- Form validation with React Hook Form and Zod
- State management with Zustand
- Data fetching with TanStack Query
- Animations with Framer Motion
- Charts and data visualization with Recharts
- Dark mode support with next-themes

## Contributing

1. Fork the repository
2. Create your feature branch
3. Commit your changes
4. Push to the branch
5. Create a new Pull Request
